Add new BBEs related to objects (#3099)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/object-type-inclusion/object_type_inclusion.md

## Object type inclusion

> Type inclusion enables to create an object type that includes another object type, such that one interface extends another interface and, creates a class that includes a type, like the class implementing the interface. Using the `*T` notation, you can include the object type to another object type or another class.

Reviewer: > Type inclusion enables to create an object type that includes another object type, such that one interface extends another interface and, creates a class that includes a type, like the class implementing the interface.

This sentence seems a bit too long. Shall we break it into maybe 2 sentences? It'll be easier to understand then.

Reviewer: > Using the `*T` notation, you can include the object type to another object type or another class.

Shall we just say 
> You can include object types using the `*T` syntax.

here. What we have now, seems to be repeating the same thing in the previous sentence.

Reviewer: Shall we also include

> The implementation of the object type within the class that includes the type is checked at the compile time. This provides interface inheritance. Ballerina does not support implementation inheritance.

Author: Updated 9d5526315210351e8e92f1c0d36238e5ae574152

# Object type inclusion

> Object type inclusion enables two things. First, it allows create an object type that includes another object type, such that one interface extends another interface. Second, it allows create a class that includes a type, like the class implementing the interface. You can include object types using the *T syntax.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Object type inclusion enables two things. Firstly, it allows the creation of an object type that includes another object type such that one interface extends another interface. Secondly, it allows creating a class that includes a type like the class implementing the interface. You can include object types using the `*T` syntax.
```
